Extending documenation: broken recipe policy (#2720)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/community/broken_recipe_policy.rst

Broken recipe policy
====================

> Recipes might stop to work for different reasons. Among those are, for instance, withdrawal of datasets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recipes might stop working for different reasons. Among those are, for instance, withdrawal of datasets
```

> Recipes might stop working for different reasons. Among those are, for instance, withdrawal of datasets

Reviewer 2: It would be good to make it a bit more explicit here that a recipe that contains data that is no longer publicly available is considered broken and needs to be fixed. This appears not to be clear at the moment: https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/issues/2684#issuecomment-1169620612.

Author: Maybe like this?

`[...] withdrawal of datasets used by the recipe (i.e. the recipe contains data that are no longer publicly available) [...]`

Reviewer 2: Sounds good! And what do we think about datasets that have been retracted, but are still available for download? Did we make a decision on those at the last workshop?

> used by the recipe, continued development of the ESMValTool including new features or retiring old ones as well as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
used by the recipe, backward incompatible development of the ESMValTool including new features or retiring old ones as well as
```
I'd stress the backward incompatible development here, as most developments shouldn't affect old recipes and it might sound more negative? Like the rest though, including the 3 releases and keeping it in the documentation (potentially add a new heading for "legacy" recipes?).
Great Work Axel!

Reviewer: changes in the API might render old recipes non functional though - esmvalcore's API and other dependencies' API's

Author: Changed as suggested. Thanks @bettina-gier.

Broken recipe policy
====================

Recipes might stop working for different reasons. Among those are, for instance, withdrawal of datasets
used by the recipe (i.e. the recipe contains data that are no longer publicly available), backward incompatible development
of the ESMValTool including new features or retiring old ones as well as
changes to Python or used dependencies such as library functions.

> In such cases, the :ref:`recipe maintainer<Maintaining a recipe>` is contacted by the technical core development team to find

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In such cases, the :ref:`recipe maintainer<Maintaining a recipe>` is contacted by the technical lead development team (`@ESMValGroup/technical-lead-development-team`_) to find
```
